Introduction - SnakeEyes:
-------------------------
The game is based on the popular Nokia Snake Game.



Requirements:
-------------

1. The snake should move at a constant speed within the walls.
2. The grid size should be customizable = N x M.
3. Snake Objectives:
	a. Every tile the snake touches turns green.
	b. Food items (slices of pizza, in this case) are strewn randomly on any non-green tile; i.e. tile not yet touched by the snake.
	c. The slices have to be within the walls of the game.
	d. Each slice stays on screen for ‘n’ number of seconds and then disappears.
	e. If the slice is collected by the snake before time runs out, the score increases by +1.
	f. Whenever the snake hits the border, it should bounce off the edge. Imagine that the border is a mirror, and the snake bounces off as if reflecting off the mirror. So, it will be a mirror-reflection bounce effect.
4. The game ends when all tiles turn green.
5. Animation requirements:
	The snake needs to have 3 animations - All these animations need to be implemented when the snake is being turned:
		i. Idle Loop [Slither - the generic snake movement].
		ii. Turn left.
		iii. Turn right.
6. Customizations:
	The following aspect(s) need to be editable in Unity Editor:
		i. The grid of the game.
		ii. The speed of the snake.
		iii. The number of seconds the collectible will be on screen.
7. UI - The UI should be scalable across devices. Game will be tested on multiple <<<landscape>>> resolutions.
	a. Start.
	b. Pause.
	c. Resume.
	d. Scoreboard.
8. Snake Controller:
	a. The control for moving the snake should behave exactly like a car’s steering wheel.
	b. It should not have a clamp, like the one in the sample video.
9. Code Structuring:
	a. The code should be properly structured.
	b. Please use proper design patterns and code communications.
	c. Please don't write hack or prototype-level code.
10. Miscellaneous:
	a. Add comments wherever possible.
	b. If you download any script or use someone else's, please understand every line of the code since you will have to explain it to us in the next tech round.
11. Extras:
	a. All the assets can be found in the Unity package.
	b. There are no restrictions on changing the FBX of the snake, as long as the snake has proper animations [if any]. No restriction on making the game look better, or on adding new features. But the above mentioned features need to be present. I can make this in 3D or 2D and download relevant assets from anywhere.
	c. Polishing the game and making it look good will get you bonus points, since we’re looking for Unity Developers who can take full ownership of a product. It’s up to you to make it beautiful and polished, since that’s what we’ll expect from you!
	d. Please use Unity 2019.4 or lower for the test => Using Unity 2019.4.28f1 (LTS - Long Term Support).
	e. Maintain the code base over GitHub, currently use develop branch. Publish with proper commit messages & over time as soon as a new feature/functionality is developed.